README.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <h3 align="center">Healthcipes</h3>
</p>


<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2></summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Deployment</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

Healthcipes has many recipes


### Built With

* React Native
* FastAPI
* MySQL


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

* yarn
  ```sh
  npm install --global yarn
  ```

### Installation

1. 

<!-- DEPLOYMENT EXAMPLES -->
## Deployment



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

Commit message:

docker compose backend and mysql DB

README.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <h3 align="center">Healthcipes</h3>
</p>


<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2></summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Deployment</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

Healthcipes has many recipes


### Built With

* React Native
* FastAPI
* MySQL


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

* yarn
  ```sh
  npm install --global yarn
  ```

### Docker

```sh
docker compose up
```
Backend is exposed on port 8080
MySQL is exposed on port 3306

### Installation

1. 

<!-- DEPLOYMENT EXAMPLES -->
## Deployment



<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request
